Update graphql/mapped-types.md (#1167)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/graphql/mapped-types.md

> info **Hint** The `PartialType()` function is imported from the `@nestjs/graphql` package.

> The `PartialType()` function takes an optional second argument that is a reference to the decorator factory of the child class. In the example above, we are extending `CreateUserInput` which is annotated with the `@InputType()` decorator. We didn't need to pass `InputType` as the second argument since the child class is also annotated with `@InputType()`. If you want to extend a class decorated with `@ObjectType`, pass `InputType` as the second argument. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PartialType()` function takes an optional second argument that is a reference to a decorator factory.  This argument can be used to change the decorator function applied to the resulting (*child*) class.  If not specified, the child class effectively uses the same decorator as the *parent* class (the class referenced in the first argument).  In the example above, we are extending `CreateUserInput` which is annotated with the `@InputType()` decorator.  Since we want `UpdateUserInput` to also be treated as if it were decorated with `@InputType()`, we didn't need to pass `InputType` as the second argument. If the parent and child types are different, (e.g., the parent is decorated with `@ObjectType`), we would  pass `InputType` as the second argument. For example:
```
